# 4 + 1 Architectural View Model

## Introduction

In the 4 + 1 architectural view model, views describe the system from the viewpoint of different stakeholders, such as end-users, developers and project managers. There are four views that make up the whole model, which are the logical, development, process and physical views. Specific use cases and scenarios are also used as a view to better comprehend the architecture of the system, thus the name "four plus one".



### [Development/Implementation View](https://github.com/Malafas/OpenRA/blob/bleed/ADS/4+1/DEVELOPMENT_VIEW.md)
The development/implementation view illustrates a system from a programmer's perspective and is concerned with software management. It uses two main types of UML diagram:
* **Component diagrams:** used to describe system components;
* **Package diagrams:** used to describe how the project is organized into different packages;

### [Logical View](https://github.com/Malafas/OpenRA/blob/bleed/ADS/4+1/LOGICAL.md)
The logical view illustrates the functionalities that the system provides to end-users. It uses three main types of UML diagrams:
* **Activity diagrams:** used to describe dynamic behavior in a system by showing message flow from one activity to another;
* **Class diagrams:** used to model the static view of an application;
* **State diagrams:** used to define different states of an object during its lifetime;

## Physical/Deployment View
The physical view depicts the system from a system engineer's point of view. It is concerned with the topology of software components on the physical layer as well as the physical connections between these components. Its main UML diagrams are:
* **Deployment diagrams:** used for describing the hardware components where software components are deployed.

### Process View
The process view deals with the dynamic aspects of the system, explains the system processes and how they communicate, and focuses on the runtime behavior of the system. The process view addresses concurrency, distribution, integrators, performance, and scalability, etc. Though it may seem very similar to the Logical View, the latter only illustrates functionalities that the system provides to end-users disregarding other dynamic aspects within the system. Its main UML diagrams are:
* **Activity diagrams:** used to describe dynamic behavior in a system by showing message flow from one activity to another;

### [Scenarios/Use Case View](https://github.com/Malafas/OpenRA/blob/bleed/ADS/4+1/SCENARIOS.md)
The scenarios describe sequences of interactions between objects and between processes. They are used to identify architectural elements and to illustrate and validate the architecture design. They also serve as a starting point for tests of an architecture prototype. As the title suggests, its main UML diagrams are:
* **Use Case diagram:** used to gather the requirements of a system including internal and external influences


** *Please click on any of the different views to see that specific view of the OpenRA Game Engine* **
